# Client-Server-Development-MongoDB-Dashboard-Application

## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
- Ensuring that a program is readable, maintainable and adaptable relies solely upon the user experience and building a core experience with users at the focal point of the application. Ensuring the proper data and turning that data into reader/user friendly is crucial to ensuring the users are met with an enjoyable and friendly experience. Translating raw database queries into buttons matched with search keywords is crucial to the enjoyability of the application. 

## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
- Approaching a problem as a computer scientist requires first assessing the issue, placing it at the center of an audience and understanding how it will impact that audience, and designing criteria and requirements based on those user needs is important to properly designing an application. Ensuring that the data was well maintained and presented in different forms to allow for easy understanding of such data, is crucial to making the users experience of the application enjoyable and valuable. I approached this project from a different perspective than others, knowing that I had total control over the data flow and translating that information into user terms.

## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
- Computer scientists break down technical requirements and issues and incorporate problem solving into innovative new technologies. This matters since computer scientists understand the "raw" reality and technical skills required when designing and implementing new software, and help provide a catalyst to the technological world. They bring solutions to the table where problems arise in technology and ensure the users are considered and provided with the correct information and experience they expect. 
